README.md, before:

# Python1000-Practice-Activities
This free & open project contains additional activities for intermediate Python students, or students who have completed our "Python 1000" Training. Designed for accomplished beginners, students enrolled in our other Python training opportunities will also enjoy these activities.

Sadly, for some reason the ability to view what once were viewable as standard PDF files from GitHub recently stopped: no matter the browser, students can no longer see the first page of some of the requirement documents. 

Never to worry, our response was to include everything into a zip file. Better now it is to simply download NagysPythonPractice.zip. Moving forward, we will be updating that zip file each and every release. (GitHub's "clone or download" button may also continue work - yet who knows how random that might become in the future, as well?!)

Next, please note that these activities use UML Use Cases and Activity Diagrams.

If you need to learn more about how to create and read the core UML Diagram types, you can review our free on-line video on YouTube:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXpe61kaJPQ&index=1&list=PLItP5KoawLqk45h_PmXQW82qRUqOUOMCV

Also, if you would like to sign-up for Python 1000, Python 2000, or one of our advanced Python 3000 educational opportunities you can do so at https://www.udemy.com .


Enjoy!

-Randall Nagy


p.s. If you have suggestions or opportunities - be they for additional projects, corrections, consulting and / or just about anything else - feel free to use the contact form at Soft9000.com to send us a message: http://soft9000.com/blog9000/contact.php

Commit message:

Updated: include link to free Kindle Book
Enjoy!

README.md, after:

# Python1000-Practice-Activities
This free & open project contains additional activities for intermediate Python students, or students who have completed our "Python 1000" Training. Designed for accomplished beginners, students enrolled in our other Python training opportunities will also enjoy these activities.

NOTE:  Recently comdined together, wanted everyone to know that our new book "Python 1000, By Requirement" (or simply "Python by Requirement") is now available on Amazon. New software developers should note that the book includes a coupon. The coupon allows anyone to view our Python 1000 videos for free! --Better still, if you are part of Amazon's "Kindle Club" (kindle unlimited) then you & yours can get the book - along with the started files, project source code (etc.) - for 'nada, as well.

Location: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075WTKVNB

p.s:

Sadly, for some reason the ability to view what once were viewable as standard PDF files from GitHub recently stopped: no matter the browser, students can no longer see the first page of some of the requirement documents. 

Never to worry, our response was to include everything into a zip file. Better now it is to simply download NagysPythonPractice.zip. Moving forward, we will be updating that zip file each and every release. (GitHub's "clone or download" button may also continue work - yet who knows how random that might become in the future, as well?!)

Next, please note that these activities use UML Use Cases and Activity Diagrams.

If you need to learn more about how to create and read the core UML Diagram types, you can review our free on-line video on YouTube:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXpe61kaJPQ&index=1&list=PLItP5KoawLqk45h_PmXQW82qRUqOUOMCV

Also, if you would like to sign-up for Python 1000, Python 2000, or one of our advanced Python 3000 educational opportunities you can do so at https://www.udemy.com .


Enjoy!

-Randall Nagy


p.s. If you have suggestions or opportunities - be they for additional projects, corrections, consulting and / or just about anything else - feel free to use the contact form at Soft9000.com to send us a message: http://soft9000.com/blog9000/contact.php
